Hello everyone, as
everyone knows, there are two types of health insurance.
Like our normal medical, there are indemnity plans, i.e. how much will
we lose? If
we have a medical policy of
Rs. 1
lakh, even if the bill is Rs. 1 lakh,
how much will we lose?
Indemnity plans that cover our losses. Then there are fixed
benefit plans, i.e.
how much will our total amount be. Like personal
accident, a
fixed benefit plan like criticals, which pays the entire amount of
Rs. 50 lakh, if we
have taken a criticality plan of Rs. 50 lakh, if we have a disease, there
are two types. Today, we
are talking about the criticality plan, i.e. ICICI Bank's Critical Shield Plus plan. If we
get critical,
what do we mean? Sometimes we will not be
able to go to work for a year or two. Sometimes
we will have to hire a home nurse.
Then we will
lose our income from our job.  So let's get
together now and see if we
have insurance i.e. mediclaim, our
hospital bills will be settled in it,
but even then, to
meet the extra expenses, it is
always good to keep a criticality plan of 20 lakhs to 50 lakhs as
part of our portfolio. So, we are
talking about a best plan like
ICICI Bank's Critical Shield Plus
plan. To
know the details of this plan, watch the video till the end. If this is
your first time watching this channel, let
me
introduce myself. My name is Binoy. I have been
working in the field of insurance, investment and banking for the last 20 years.
[Music]
First of all, let's look at the eligibility conditions of this plan.
People between the ages of 18 and 65 can enter this plan as a proposer.
We can add all the other family members. We can add up to a
three-month-old child,
but the proposer should be between the ages of 18 and 65.
Similarly, we can have a policy for one year.  We can take a policy with a two-year, three-year, and multi-year
premium.
Similarly, the minimum
submission is 5 lakhs and the maximum amount that can
be taken is 1 lakh in this plan.
Similarly, the premium in this
plan will increase every five years,
that is, take it now and then next, and so on. The premium will
increase every five years. These are the
eligibility conditions of this plan. It is a plan that covers about 92 major and
minor illnesses and critical illnesses.
ISA President's
Critical ISA Leopard's Critical
Illness Plan, in which if the major disease is found out,
100% of the
sum of 1 lakh is paid. If the problem is found out, it will also be settled.
Similarly, if a minor condition is
found out, 25
percent will be settled. That is, if we have
a minor disease
mentioned in this list,  If we
take a policy of 10 lakhs and find out that the disease is minor,
this is a plan that gives 2 lakhs. If you
want the list of these,
I will give you the list after WhatsApping me. There is an
option called multi-claim option in this,
that is, it is arranged in five buckets for critical illness. There is
a bucket called critical illness cancer.
Similarly, there
is a bucket for heart-related illnesses, major organs, and also a bucket for
illnesses affecting the nervous system. Then
what is special about other illnesses? If we
fall into any bucket,
we can only
take a plan of 25 lakhs. If we get a
major illness like cancer, we will be given an
amount of 25 lakhs.
After that, the plan will continue. Then
after two or three years in the future, if we get a
stroke related to the nervous system, we will also be given that.
So
we can use all five buckets. Life-long
renewability  This plan is a plan,
meaning that 106
surgical procedures are also covered in this plan.
So if you like the video about this plan,
press the like button anyway. Like,
it
reaches more people according to your likes, so
press the like button anyway. Similarly, you can take
Nuk Personal
Accident Rider as Nuk Rider with this plan.
Its survival period means that
we do not have to live for so many days after getting this disease.
We are
covered by this plan from day one. Some
plans have heard that we need to serve this disease for seven
days,
but here in the service
period, this is a big deal. When
taking the critical plan, the
waiting period is 9 days, that is, the
plan is activated after 9 days of taking the plan. If
we take the example now, it is
after August, that is, August
today's date is May 23rd.
The plan will be activated after August 23rd, 2025
.  Now I'll tell you the lists and
I'll WhatsApp them.  Even if
we have cancer, we have
major cancer, bone marrow transplant,
etc., for major cancer.
Early stage cancer in the minor,
open heart surgery in the heart, and
stroke in the nervous system
are major.  Similarly, if you
want a list of all 92 diseases,
send me a message and I will
WhatsApp it to you.  You need
to take a plan, but I will
help you once you WhatsApp me
.  Then the
bucket that was mentioned by Others says five buckets,
one is cancer, one is heart, one is
nervous system, one is major
organ. If we say Others, we have
degree burns, in the highest degree burns,
we will settle 100 as major. If some are minor, then
diseases like elephant gas like mange. As
I said earlier, if you want a list of these, I will
send you the list after I have done them.
When taking the critical span of these 92 diseases, we have to be careful that there are
exclusions.
Similarly, the first 90 days are
not covered. We took the plan for 9
days and only after that the plan is
activated.  Likewise,
any PD should be disclosed.  If we have
any illnesses right now, we should
disclose them anyway.  We should
n't take any chances.  Because the company and
we have a plan that gives us an amount together,
sometimes 10 lakhs when we take a premium
.
Therefore, the company's underwriting
process will be strong.  If there is a pre-
existing disease, it should
be shown in this anyway.
In any case, it should also
be shown on health insurance.  But here it means more important
.  Similarly,
illnesses caused by childbirth are not covered.  Birth
defects are not covered by this plan. Breach
of law means any accidents that we commit by breaking the law,
etc. are
not covered by this plan. Similarly, any problems that occur during war or
natural calamity are
not covered by this plan.
This plan is not available to people in the Army, Navy, and Armed Forces.
Diseases caused by intoxication, alcohol, or drugs are also
covered by this plan. If you want to know the premium, you just need to
WhatsApp me. Approximately, for a 36-40 year old and a 36-40 year old person, it comes to around 10,000 rupees for 10 lakhs. If you want to know the exact premium of 10 lakhs or lakhs,
I will give you the premium after you WhatsApp me.
Now, other
things to note are that while
filling the policy,
we should tell our lifestyle habits correctly.  It should be
stated accurately, and the claim is made
in the same way that the
plan gives us an amount immediately if any illness is detected.  Then we
fill out the claim form and give it to the company.
After the claim is made, the company will release our claim after assessing it and providing us with the disclaimer summary,
treating doctor certificate, etc.
So,
this is what I have to say about this plan.
This company, ICICI Lombard,
says that we have a claim settlement period of 30 to 60 days.  I liked the video about ICICI Leopard's
Critical Insurance Plan, Critical Shield Plus
.   If
you like it, you should like it anyway.
Similarly, you can WhatsApp me or call me to purchase this plan
or to compare and purchase other Criticals plans
.   You
can WhatsApp me or call me to compare and purchase the best health insurance.  If you haven't subscribed to this channel yet, please
subscribe
.  So, bye everyone, until the next video.